Great job, you made it to the final exercise of the course.
Let's talk about the differences in creating
a validation plan for both algorithm A and algorithm B.
So for both algorithms,
I would want to collect a validation data set for my clinical pattern that was made up
of screening mammography studies from women between the ages of 40 and 80.
To validate algorithm A however,
I would want to make sure that my data set did not contain any women with implants.
I would also want to make sure that the distribution of
densities in that population reflected the real world.
For algorithm B, I would just want to make sure that
my validation data set didn't contain any women with a prior history of breast cancer.
Now, in obtaining my ground truth for each algorithm,
here's the main difference.
The silver standard approach of using
several radiologists to label images is more optimal for algorithm A,
because I gave you the hint that it is really hard
for radiologists to agree on breast density labeled.
For algorithm B, a single radiologist's labels would probably be sufficient for
a ground truth because I gave you the hint there that
radiologists are really accurate at that task.